[PL-42975] Platform NG 81612 FG 81609 Delegate 23.11.81601 release notes (#4251)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/platform.md

   This issue has been resolved, and now Harness increments the `delegate_connected` to 1 during reconnection. As a result, the `io_harness_custom_metric_delegate_connected` and `io_harness_custom_metric_task_failed` metrics are now accurately reported.

   This item requires Harness Delegate version 23.11.816xx. For information about features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).

- Fixed the following issues:

   - The delegate Stackdriver logger didn't work if the delegate token was base64-encoded format.
   - When the `DELEGATE_TYPE` was `KUBERNETES` and the delegate wasn't deployed in Kubernetes, the delegate failed to start. (PL-42452)

   This item requires Harness Delegate version 23.11.816xx. For information about features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).

> - Azure Key Vault's heartbeat check now creates a validation secret with a 30-minute expiration, addressing the issue of no expiration being set previously, which resulted in multiple secrets. (PL-42509, ZD-53700)

Author: ```suggestion
- Azure Key Vault's heartbeat check now creates a validation secret with a 30-minute expiration, addressing the issue of no expiration being set previously, which resulted in which resulted in multiple secret versions without an expiry. (PL-42509, ZD-53700)
```
